Professor Hongliang Ren, a distinguished scholar in Electronic Engineering with a specialization in Biomedical Engineering, earned his Ph.D. from The Chinese University of Hong Kong (CUHK) in 2008. Throughout his academic journey, Professor Ren has navigated esteemed institutions, including CUHK, UC Berkeley, Johns Hopkins University, Children’s Hospital Boston, Harvard Medical School, Children’s National Medical Center in the United States, and the National University of Singapore. As an Associate Editor for IEEE Transactions on Automation Science & Engineering (T-ASE) and Medical & Biological Engineering & Computing (MBEC), Professor Ren has played a pivotal role in advancing research in his field. His commitment extends to active participation in various capacities in prestigious robotics conferences, such as IEEE Conf. on Robotics and Automation (ICRA), IEEE Conf. on Intelligent Robots and Systems (IROS), as well as domain-specific conferences like MICCAI, ROBIO, BIOROB, ICIA, and CVPR. Notably, he has held key roles, including publicity chair for ICRA 2017, Organizing Chair for ICRA 2017 workshop on Surgical Robots, and video chair for ICRA 2021. Professor Ren is a sought-after speaker, delivering numerous invited keynotes and talks at flagship conferences and workshops, including ICRA, IROS, ROBIO, MICCAI, CVPR, and ICIA. His contributions to the field have been recognized with multiple awards, including the IFMBE/IAMBE Early Career Award 2018, Interstellar Early Career Investigator Award 2018, Health Longevity Catalyst Award (2022 by NAM & RGC), NUS Engineering Young Researcher Award (2019), ICBHI Young Investigator Award (2019), NUS Young Investigator Award (2013), and several Best Paper Awards in conferences such as IEEE-ROBIO, IEEE-RCAR, IEEE-CCECE, and IEEE-Cyber, among others. Professor Hongliang Ren's outstanding achievements reflect his dedication to advancing the frontiers of biomedical engineering and robotics.